Decouple display and window from `RawWindowHandle` (#93)
rust-windowing/raw-window-handle: README.md

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/raw-window-handle.svg?maxAge=2592000)](https://crates.io/crates/raw-window-handle)
[![Docs](https://docs.rs/raw-window-handle/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/raw-window-handle)

> This library provides standard types for accessing a window's platform-specific
> raw window handle and display's platform-specific raw display handle. This does
> not provide any utilities for creating and managing windows; instead, it
> provides a common interface that window creation libraries (e.g. Winit, SDL)
> can use to easily talk with graphics libraries (e.g. gfx-hal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library provides standard types for accessing a window's platform-specific
raw window handle, as well as any handles required to talk to the platform's
display server.
```
I'm not 100% happy with my re-formulation here,  but I feel like appending "and display's platform-specific raw display handle" to the first sentence here doesn't quite work. (ps: this suggestion isn't intended to be applied through the web UI)

Reviewer 2: I see what you're getting at with the wording being, maybe not the best. However, I think that the idea comes across, and further docs updates for this can be done later with non-breaking releases, so let's continue as is.

Reviewer: Sure
